Added controller stopper node (#309)
UniversalRobots/Universal_Robots_ROS2_Driver: controller_stopper/README.md

# controller_stopper

> A small helper node that stops and restarts ROS controllers based on a boolean status topic. When the status goes to `false`, all running controllers except *io_and_status_controller* gets stopped. If status returns to `true` the stopped controllers are restarted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A small helper node that stops and restarts ROS controllers based on a boolean status topic. When the status goes to `false`, all running controllers except a set of predefined *consistent_controllers* gets stopped. If status returns to `true` the stopped controllers are restarted.
```

There should be a predefined set of controllers that can be persistent.
